# Alarm System with Arduino
The main goal was to create an alarm system using an Arduino with an Entry/Exit zone. One of the main goals was to give chance to user to activate and deactivate the system. It was needed to provide a strong security system for users. The system has 3 sensors. These sensors place in such a way as to be able to detect immediately when somebody enter the house from the door or windows. It also includes a method for arming/disarming the system. 
The alarm system has, an Arduino Uno, a breadboard, an lcd screen, a keypad, a buzzer, two ultrasonic sensors, one pir motion sensor, and resistors. The most important thing about this alarm system is the entry-exit zone. In alarm systems, time must be given to user to leave or enter the area. If time is not given to user, alarm will go off as soon as the system is activated. This means that user can’t enter or leave the area. The idea of using keypad is for giving chance to user to activate and deactivate the system. The keypad will also make possible to change password for the system. The active buzzer and the leds will be for showing the current state of the system. If the alarm is activated, the yellow led will work. If the alarm goes off, the buzzer will sound and red led will work. The buzzer will also sound for every push on the keypad. The lcd screen is going to be one of the most major compenents of the alarm system. The lcd will always give information about the current situation of the system. The lcd will show that on its screen how to activate the system and how to change password for the system. The lcd will give information about delays of entry-exit area for example how many seconds left for deactivating. It will also show that if the password is entered wrongly. It will always give information for the every possible situation of the system. 

